## Assembly report for Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.dll
### Enumerations
Enum | Header | Description | Values
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.AUTH_TYPE | searchapi.h| Describes authentication types for content access. | eAUTH_TYPE_ANONYMOUS, eAUTH_TYPE_NTLM, eAUTH_TYPE_BASIC
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CatalogPausedReason | searchapi.h| Used by ISearchCatalogManager::GetCatalogStatus to determine the reason the catalog is paused. | CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_NONE, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_HIGH_IO, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_HIGH_CPU, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_HIGH_NTF_RATE, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_LOW_BATTERY, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_LOW_MEMORY, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_LOW_DISK, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_DELAYED_RECOVERY, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_USER_ACTIVE, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_EXTERNAL, CATALOG_PAUSED_REASON_UPGRADING
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CatalogStatus | searchapi.h| Used by ISearchCatalogManager::GetCatalogStatus to determine the current state of the catalog. | CATALOG_STATUS_IDLE, CATALOG_STATUS_PAUSED, CATALOG_STATUS_RECOVERING, CATALOG_STATUS_FULL_CRAWL, CATALOG_STATUS_INCREMENTAL_CRAWL, CATALOG_STATUS_PROCESSING_NOTIFICATIONS, CATALOG_STATUS_SHUTTING_DOWN
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CHUNK_BREAKTYPE](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb266509) | Filter.h| Describes the type of break that separates the current chunk from the previous chunk. | CHUNK_NO_BREAK, CHUNK_EOW, CHUNK_EOS, CHUNK_EOP, CHUNK_EOC
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CHUNKSTATE](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb266508) | Filter.h| Specifies whether the current chunk is a text-type property or a value-type property. | CHUNK_TEXT, CHUNK_VALUE, CHUNK_FILTER_OWNED_VALUE
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CLUSION_REASON | searchapi.h| These flags enumerate reasons why URLs are included or excluded from the current crawl scope. The ISearchCrawlScopeManager::IncludedInCrawlScopeEx method returns a pointer to this enumeration to explain why a specified URL is either included or excluded from the current crawl scope. | CLUSIONREASON_UNKNOWNSCOPE, CLUSIONREASON_DEFAULT, CLUSIONREASON_USER, CLUSIONREASON_GROUPPOLICY
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CONDITION_CREATION_OPTIONS | structuredquery.h| <para>Provides a set of flags to be used with the following interfaces to indicate the type of condition tree node: ICondition, ICondition2, IConditionFactory, IConditionFactory2, and IConditionGenerator.</para> | CONDITION_CREATION_DEFAULT, CONDITION_CREATION_NONE, CONDITION_CREATION_SIMPLIFY, CONDITION_CREATION_VECTOR_AND, CONDITION_CREATION_VECTOR_OR, CONDITION_CREATION_VECTOR_LEAF, CONDITION_CREATION_USE_CONTENT_LOCALE
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CONDITION_OPERATION | structuredquerycondition.h| Provides a set of flags to be used with following methods to indicate the operation in ICondition::GetComparisonInfo, ICondition2::GetLeafConditionInfo, IConditionFactory::MakeLeaf, IConditionFactory2::CreateBooleanLeaf, IConditionFactory2::CreateIntegerLeaf, IConditionFactory2::MakeLeaf, IConditionFactory2::CreateStringLeaf, and IConditionGenerator::GenerateForLeaf. | COP_IMPLICIT, COP_EQUAL, COP_NOTEQUAL, COP_LESSTHAN, COP_GREATERTHAN, COP_LESSTHANOREQUAL, COP_GREATERTHANOREQUAL, COP_VALUE_STARTSWITH, COP_VALUE_ENDSWITH, COP_VALUE_CONTAINS, COP_VALUE_NOTCONTAINS, COP_DOSWILDCARDS, COP_WORD_EQUAL, COP_WORD_STARTSWITH, COP_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CONDITION_TYPE | structuredquerycondition.h| Provides a set of flags to be used with the following methods to indicate the type of condition tree node: ICondition::GetConditionType, IConditionFactory::MakeAndOr, IConditionFactory2::CreateCompoundFromArray, and IConditionFactory2::CreateCompoundFromObjectArray. | CT_AND_CONDITION, CT_OR_CONDITION, CT_NOT_CONDITION, CT_LEAF_CONDITION
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.FOLLOW_FLAGS | searchapi.h| Used to help define behavior when crawling or indexing. These flags are used by the ISearchCrawlScopeManager::AddDefaultScopeRule and ISearchCrawlScopeManager::AddUserScopeRule methods. | FF_INDEXCOMPLEXURLS, FF_SUPPRESSINDEXING
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IFILTER_FLAGS](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb266510) | Filter.h| Indicates whether the caller should use the IPropertySetStorage and IPropertyStorage interfaces to locate additional properties. | IFILTER_FLAGS_OLE_PROPERTIES
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IFILTER_INIT](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb266511) | Filter.h| <para>Contains flags that control:</para> <para>The <c>Init</c> method uses these flags to control the filtering process.</para> | IFILTER_INIT_CANON_PARAGRAPHS, IFILTER_INIT_HARD_LINE_BREAKS, IFILTER_INIT_CANON_HYPHENS, IFILTER_INIT_CANON_SPACES, IFILTER_INIT_APPLY_INDEX_ATTRIBUTES, IFILTER_INIT_APPLY_OTHER_ATTRIBUTES, IFILTER_INIT_INDEXING_ONLY, IFILTER_INIT_SEARCH_LINKS, IFILTER_INIT_APPLY_CRAWL_ATTRIBUTES, IFILTER_INIT_FILTER_OWNED_VALUE_OK, IFILTER_INIT_FILTER_AGGRESSIVE_BREAK, IFILTER_INIT_DISABLED_EMBEDDED, IFILTER_INIT_EMIT_FORMATTING
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.PRIORITIZE_FLAGS | searchapi.h| Used by PrioritizeMatchingURLs to specify how to process items the indexer has previously failed to index. | PRIORITIZE_FLAG_RETRYFAILEDITEMS, PRIORITIZE_FLAG_IGNOREFAILURECOUNT
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.PRIORITY_LEVEL | searchapi.h| Used by the IRowsetPrioritization interface to sets or retrieve the current indexer prioritization level for the scope specified by a query. | PRIORITY_LEVEL_FOREGROUND, PRIORITY_LEVEL_HIGH, PRIORITY_LEVEL_LOW, PRIORITY_LEVEL_DEFAULT
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.PROXY_ACCESS | searchapi.h| Used by ISearchManager to state proxy use. | PROXY_ACCESS_PRECONFIG, PROXY_ACCESS_DIRECT, PROXY_ACCESS_PROXY
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.QUERY_PARSER_MANAGER_OPTION | structuredquery.h| Used by IQueryParserManager::SetOption to set parsing options. This can be used to specify schemas and localization options. | QPMO_SCHEMA_BINARY_NAME, QPMO_PRELOCALIZED_SCHEMA_BINARY_PATH, QPMO_UNLOCALIZED_SCHEMA_BINARY_PATH, QPMO_LOCALIZED_SCHEMA_BINARY_PATH, QPMO_APPEND_LCID_TO_LOCALIZED_PATH, QPMO_LOCALIZER_SUPPORT
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ROWSETEVENT_ITEMSTATE | searchapi.h| Describes whether an item that matches the search criteria of a rowset is currently in that rowset. | ROWSETEVENT_ITEMSTATE_NOTINROWSET, ROWSETEVENT_ITEMSTATE_INROWSET, ROWSETEVENT_ITEMSTATE_UNKNOWN
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ROWSETEVENT_TYPE | searchapi.h| Describes the type of change to the rowset's data. | ROWSETEVENT_TYPE_DATAEXPIRED, ROWSETEVENT_TYPE_FOREGROUNDLOST, ROWSETEVENT_TYPE_SCOPESTATISTICS
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_INDEXING_PHASE | searchapi.h| Specifies the status of the current search indexing phase. | SEARCH_INDEXING_PHASE_GATHERER, SEARCH_INDEXING_PHASE_QUERYABLE, SEARCH_INDEXING_PHASE_PERSISTED
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_KIND_OF_CHANGE | searchapi.h| Indicates the kind of change affecting an item when a source sink notifies a client that an item has been changed. | SEARCH_CHANGE_ADD, SEARCH_CHANGE_DELETE, SEARCH_CHANGE_MODIFY, SEARCH_CHANGE_MOVE_RENAME, SEARCH_CHANGE_SEMANTICS_DIRECTORY, SEARCH_CHANGE_SEMANTICS_SHALLOW, SEARCH_CHANGE_SEMANTICS_UPDATE_SECURITY
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_NOTIFICATION_PRIORITY | searchapi.h| Indicates the priority of processing an item that has changed. | SEARCH_NORMAL_PRIORITY, SEARCH_HIGH_PRIORITY
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_QUERY_SYNTAX | searchapi.h| Specifies the type of query syntax. | SEARCH_NO_QUERY_SYNTAX, SEARCH_ADVANCED_QUERY_SYNTAX, SEARCH_NATURAL_QUERY_SYNTAX
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_TERM_EXPANSION | searchapi.h| Indicates wildcard options on search terms. Used by ISearchQueryHelper::get_QueryTermExpansion and ISearchQueryHelper::put_QueryTermExpansion methods. | SEARCH_TERM_NO_EXPANSION, SEARCH_TERM_PREFIX_ALL, SEARCH_TERM_STEM_ALL
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.STRUCTURED_QUERY_MULTIOPTION | structuredquery.h| <para>A set of flags used by IQueryParser::SetMultiOption to indicate individual options.</para> | SQMO_VIRTUAL_PROPERTY, SQMO_DEFAULT_PROPERTY, SQMO_GENERATOR_FOR_TYPE, SQMO_MAP_PROPERTY
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.STRUCTURED_QUERY_RESOLVE_OPTION | structuredquery.h| Options for resolving data into a condition tree. | SQRO_DEFAULT, SQRO_DONT_RESOLVE_DATETIME, SQRO_ALWAYS_ONE_INTERVAL, SQRO_DONT_SIMPLIFY_CONDITION_TREES, SQRO_DONT_MAP_RELATIONS, SQRO_DONT_RESOLVE_RANGES, SQRO_DONT_REMOVE_UNRESTRICTED_KEYWORDS, SQRO_DONT_SPLIT_WORDS, SQRO_IGNORE_PHRASE_ORDER, SQRO_ADD_ROBUST_ITEM_NAME, SQRO_ADD_VALUE_TYPE_FOR_PLAIN_VALUES
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.STRUCTURED_QUERY_SINGLE_OPTION | structuredquery.h| <para>A set of flags to be used with IQueryParser::SetOption and IQueryParser::GetOption to indicate individual options.</para> | SQSO_SCHEMA, SQSO_LOCALE_WORD_BREAKING, SQSO_WORD_BREAKER, SQSO_NATURAL_SYNTAX, SQSO_AUTOMATIC_WILDCARD, SQSO_TRACE_LEVEL, SQSO_LANGUAGE_KEYWORDS, SQSO_SYNTAX, SQSO_TIME_ZONE, SQSO_IMPLICIT_CONNECTOR, SQSO_CONNECTOR_CASE
### Structures
Struct | Header | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.AUTHENTICATION_INFO | searchapi.h| Describes security authentication information for content access.
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.FILTERED_DATA_SOURCES](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/5baae290-aead-4986-a7d4-0302931e0104) | filtereg.h| Specifies parameters for a Shell data source for which a filter is loaded.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.FILTERREGION | filter.h| <para> [Indexing Service is no longer supported as of Windows XP and is unavailable for use as of Windows 8. Instead, use Windows Search for client side search and Microsoft Search Server Express for server side search.] </para> <para>Describes the position and extent of a specified portion of text within an object.</para>
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.INCREMENTAL_ACCESS_INFO | searchapi.h| Contains access information used by an incremental crawl, such as the last access date and modification time.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ITEM_INFO | searchapi.h| Contains information passed to the IUrlAccessor object about the current item; for example, the application name and catalog name.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.PROXY_INFO | searchapi.h| Stores information about a proxy. Used by ISearchProtocol.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_COLUMN_PROPERTIES | searchapi.h| This structure is not implemented.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_ITEM_CHANGE | searchapi.h| Specifies the changes to an indexed item.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_ITEM_INDEXING_STATUS | searchapi.h| Describes the status of a document to be indexed.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SEARCH_ITEM_PERSISTENT_CHANGE | searchapi.h| Contains information about the kind of change that has occurred in an item to be indexed. This structure is used with the ISearchPersistentItemsChangedSink::OnItemsChanged method to pass information to the indexer about what has changed.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.TIMEOUT_INFO | searchapi.h| Stores time-out values for connections and data.
### Interfaces
Interface | Header | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ICondition | structuredquerycondition.h| Provides methods for retrieving information about a search condition. An <c>ICondition</c> object represents the result of parsing an input string (using methods such as IQueryParser::Parse or IQuerySolution::GetQuery) into a tree of search condition nodes. A node can be a logical AND, OR, or NOT for comparing subnodes, or it can be a leaf node comparing a property and a constant value.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ICondition2 | structuredquerycondition.h| Extends the functionality of the ICondition interface. <c>ICondition2</c> provides methods for retrieving information about a search condition.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IConditionFactory | structuredquery.h| Provides methods for creating or resolving a condition tree that was obtained by parsing a query string.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IConditionFactory2 | structuredquery.h| Extends the functionality of IConditionFactory. <c>IConditionFactory2</c> provides methods for creating or resolving a condition tree that was obtained by parsing a query string.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IEntity | structuredquery.h| Provides methods for retrieving information about an entity type in the schema.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IEnumSearchRoots | searchapi.h| Provides methods to enumerate the search roots of a catalog, for example, SystemIndex.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IEnumSearchScopeRules | searchapi.h| Enumerates scope rules.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IFilter | filter.h| <para> [Indexing Service is no longer supported as of Windows XP and is unavailable for use as of Windows 8. Instead, use Windows Search for client side search and Microsoft Search Server Express for server side search.] </para> <para> Scans documents for text and properties (also called attributes). It extracts chunks of text from these documents, filtering out embedded formatting and retaining information about the position of the text. It also extracts chunks of values, which are properties of an entire document or of well-defined parts of a document. <c>IFilter</c> provides the foundation for building higher-level applications such as document indexers and application-independent viewers. </para> <para> For introductory information about how the <c>IFilter</c> interface works with documents and document properties, see Properties of Documents. For a synopsis and an example of how the <c>IFilter</c> interface processes a document, see Property Filtering and Property Indexing. </para>
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ILoadFilter](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/7ac51909-fa0e-4f97-8da0-0ab4c5de7d60) | filtereg.h| Defines methods and properties that are implemented by the FilterRegistration object, which provides methods for loading a filter.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.INamedEntity | structuredquery.h| Provides methods to get the value of, or a default phrase for the value of, a named entity.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IOpLockStatus | searchapi.h| <para> Provides methods to check the opportunistic lock that is used by Microsoft Windows Desktop Search (WDS) on items while indexing. If another process locks the file in an incompatible manner, WDS will lose its lock and allow the other process to have the file. This mechanism allows WDS to run in the background. Consequently, WDS needs to check its locks to ensure another process has not taken precedence while WDS indexes the item. </para> <para> A third-party IUrlAccessor object can implement this interface if the underlying data store provides a mechanism to track concurrent access to items. If this interface is exposed by <c>IUrlAccessor</c>, WDS will check the <c>IOpLockStatus</c> while indexing items from that store. </para>
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IProtocolHandlerSite | searchapi.h| Provides methods for a protocol handler's IUrlAccessor object to query the Filter Daemon for the appropriate filter for the URL item.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IQueryParser | structuredquery.h| Provides methods to parse an input string into an IQuerySolution object.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IQueryParserManager | structuredquery.h| Provides methods to create, initialize, and change options for an IQueryParser object.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IQuerySolution | structuredquery.h| <para>Provides methods that retrieve information about the interpretation of a parsed query.</para>
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IRelationship | structuredquery.h| Provides methods for retrieving information about a schema property.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IRichChunk | structuredquerycondition.h| Represents a chunk of data as a string and a PROPVARIANT value.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IRowsetEvents | searchapi.h| Exposes methods for receiving event notifications. When clients implement this interface, the indexer can notify the clients of changes to items in their rowsets: including the addition of new items, the deletion of items, and the modifcation to item data.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IRowsetPrioritization | searchapi.h| Sets or retrieves the current indexer prioritization level for the scope specified by this query.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISchemaLocalizerSupport | | Provides a method for localizing keywords in a specified string.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISchemaProvider | structuredquery.h| Provides a schema repository that can be browsed.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchCatalogManager | searchapi.h| Provides methods to manage a search catalog for purposes such as re-indexing or setting timeouts.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchCatalogManager2 | searchapi.h| Extends the ISearchCatalogManager interface to manage a search catalog, for purposes such as re-indexing or setting timeouts. Applications can use this interface to attempt to reindex items that failed to be indexed previously, using the PrioritizeMatchingURLs.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchCrawlScopeManager | searchapi.h| Provides methods that notify the search engine of containers to crawl and/or watch, and items under those containers to include or exclude when crawling or watching.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchCrawlScopeManager2 | | Extends the ISearchCatalogManager interface to manage a search catalog, for purposes such as re-indexing or setting timeouts. Applications can use this interface to attempt to reindex items that failed to be indexed previously, using the PrioritizeMatchingURLs.
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchFolderItemFactory](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a684b373-6de4-4b4a-bbae-85e1c5a7e04a) | shobjidl_core.h| Exposes methods that create and modify search folders. The Set methods are called first to set up the parameters of the search. When not called, default values will be used instead. ISearchFolderItemFactory::GetIDList and ISearchFolderItemFactory::GetShellItem return the two forms of the search specified by these parameters.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchItemsChangedSink | searchapi.h| Provides notifications for changes to indexed items. Also provides notification of the hierarchical scope that is being monitored for changed items.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchLanguageSupport | searchapi.h| Provides methods for accessing thesaurus information.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchManager | searchapi.h| Provides methods for controlling the Search service. This interface manages settings and objects that affect the search engine across catalogs.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchManager2 | | 
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchNotifyInlineSite | searchapi.h| Provides methods the Search service uses to send updates on catalog and index status to notification providers.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchPersistentItemsChangedSink | searchapi.h| Provides methods for passing change notifications to alert the indexer that items need to be updated.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchProtocol | searchapi.h| <para> Provides methods for invoking, initializing, and managing IUrlAccessor objects. Methods in this interface are called by the protocol host when processing URLs from the gatherer. </para> <para> The protocol handler implements the protocol for accessing a content source in its native format. Use this interface to implement a custom protocol handler to expand the data sources that can be indexed. </para>
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchProtocol2 | searchapi.h| Provides methods for invoking, initializing, and managing IUrlAccessor objects. Methods in this interface are called by the protocol host when processing URLs from the gatherer.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchProtocolThreadContext | searchapi.h| This optional interface enables the protocol handler to perform an action on the thread used for filtering in the protocol host. When the protocol host starts, it first initializes all the protocol handlers, and then it creates the filtering thread(s). The methods on this interface enable protocol handlers to manage their resources that are used by a filtering thread.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchQueryHelper | searchapi.h| Provides methods for building a query from user input, converting a query to Windows Search SQL, and obtaining a connection string to initialize a connection to the Window Search index.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchRoot | searchapi.h| Provides methods for manipulating a search root. Changes to property members are applied to any URL that falls under the search root. A URL falls under a search root if it matches the search root URL or is a hierarchical child of that URL.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchScopeRule | searchapi.h| Provides methods to define scope rules for crawling and indexing.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ISearchViewChangedSink | searchapi.h| Not implemented.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ITokenCollection | structuredquery.h| Gets the tokens that result from using a word breaker.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IUrlAccessor | searchapi.h| Provides methods for processing an individual item in a content source whose URL is provided by the gatherer to the filter host.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IUrlAccessor2 | searchapi.h| Extends functionality of the IUrlAccessor interface.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IUrlAccessor3 | searchapi.h| Extends the functionality of the IUrlAccessor2 interface with the IUrlAccessor3::GetImpersonationSidBlobs method to identify user security identifiers (SIDs) for a specified URL.
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.IUrlAccessor4 | searchapi.h| Extends the functionality of the IUrlAccessor3 interface with the IUrlAccessor4::ShouldIndexItemContent method that identifies whether the content of the item should be indexed.
### Classes
Class | Header | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CompoundCondition | | Class interface for ICondition
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.ConditionFactory | | Class interface for IConditionFactory
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CSearchManager | | 
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CSearchRoot | | 
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.CSearchScopeRule | | 
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.FilterRegistration | | 
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.LeafCondition | | Class interface for ICondition
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.NegationCondition | | Class interface for ICondition
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.QueryParser | | Class interface for IQueryParser
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.QueryParserManager | | Class interface for IQueryParserManager
Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi | | 
[Vanara.PInvoke.SearchApi.SearchFolderItemFactory](http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a684b373-6de4-4b4a-bbae-85e1c5a7e04a) | shobjidl_core.h| CLSID_SearchFolderItemFactory
