# DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr Enumeration
 

Window attribute to set through the DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr methods.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="c580cf52-4028-70db-28d0-f9b1abc03861">Vanara.Windows.Forms</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;Vanara.UI (in Vanara.UI.dll) Version: 1.0.3

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public enum SetWindowAttr
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
Public Enumeration SetWindowAttr
```

<br />

## Members
&nbsp;<table><tr><th></th><th>Member name</th><th>Value</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.None">**None**</td><td>0</td><td>No attribute.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.NonClientRenderingPolicy">**NonClientRenderingPolicy**</td><td>2</td><td>Sets the non-client rendering policy. The retrieved value is from the NonClientRenderingPolicy enumeration.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.TransitionsForceDisabled">**TransitionsForceDisabled**</td><td>3</td><td>Enables or forcibly disables DWM transitions. The retrieved value is of type bool. True to disable transitions or False to enable transitions.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.AllowNonClientPaint">**AllowNonClientPaint**</td><td>4</td><td>Enables content rendered in the non-client area to be visible on the frame drawn by DWM. The retrieved value is of type bool. True to enable content rendered in the non-client area to be visible on the frame; otherwise, False.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.NonClientRtlLayout">**NonClientRtlLayout**</td><td>6</td><td>Sets whether non-client content is right-to-left (RTL) mirrored. The retrieved value is of type bool. True if the non-client content is right-to-left (RTL) mirrored; otherwise False.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.ForceIconicRepresentation">**ForceIconicRepresentation**</td><td>7</td><td>Forces the window to display an iconic thumbnail or peek representation (a static bitmap), even if a live or snapshot representation of the window is available. This value normally is set during a window's creation and not changed throughout the window's lifetime. Some scenarios, however, might require the value to change over time. The retrieved value is of type bool. True to require a iconic thumbnail or peek representation; otherwise, False.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.Flip3DPolicy">**Flip3DPolicy**</td><td>8</td><td>Sets how Flip3D treats the window. The pvAttribute parameter points to a value from the Flip3DWindowPolicy enumeration.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.HasIconicBitmap">**HasIconicBitmap**</td><td>10</td><td>Win7+. Sets if the window will provide a bitmap for use by DWM as an iconic thumbnail or peek representation (a static bitmap) for the window. HasIconicBitmap can be specified with ForceIconicRepresentation. HasIconicBitmap normally is set during a window's creation and not changed throughout the window's lifetime. Some scenarios, however, might require the value to change over time. The retrieved value is of type bool. True to inform DWM that the window will provide an iconic thumbnail or peek representation; otherwise, False.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.DisallowPeek">**DisallowPeek**</td><td>11</td><td>Win7+. Set true to not show peek preview for the window. The peek view shows a full-sized preview of the window when the mouse hovers over the window's thumbnail in the taskbar. If this attribute is set, hovering the mouse pointer over the window's thumbnail dismisses peek (in case another window in the group has a peek preview showing). The retrieved value is of type bool. True to prevent peek functionality or False to allow it.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.ExcludedFromPeek">**ExcludedFromPeek**</td><td>12</td><td>Win7+. Sets value preventing a window from fading to a glass sheet when peek is invoked. The retrieved value is of type bool. True to prevent the window from fading during another window's peek or False for normal behavior.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.Cloak">**Cloak**</td><td>13</td><td>Win8+. Cloaks the window such that it is not visible to the user. The window is still composed by DWM. True to cloak or False to not cloak.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Vanara.Windows.Forms.DesktopWindowManager.SetWindowAttr.FreezeRepresentation">**FreezeRepresentation**</td><td>15</td><td>Win8+. Freeze the window's thumbnail image with its current visuals. Do no further live updates on the thumbnail image to match the window's contents.</td></tr></table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c580cf52-4028-70db-28d0-f9b1abc03861">Vanara.Windows.Forms Namespace</a><br />