# VirtualDisk.Attach Method (VirtDisk.ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_FLAG, VirtDisk.ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_PARAMETERS, IntPtr)
 

Attaches a virtual hard disk (VHD) or CD or DVD image file (ISO) by locating an appropriate VHD provider to accomplish the attachment.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="d3362b0a-0ff5-4e50-dbee-d2c8d2fbae9f">Vanara.IO</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;Vanara.SystemServices (in Vanara.SystemServices.dll) Version: 1.0.3

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public void Attach(
	ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_FLAG flags,
	ref ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_PARAMETERS param,
	IntPtr securityDescriptor = null
)
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
Public Sub Attach ( 
	flags As ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_FLAG,
	ByRef param As ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_PARAMETERS,
	Optional securityDescriptor As IntPtr = Nothing
)
```

<br />

#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>flags</dt><dd>Type: ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_FLAG<br />A valid combination of values of the ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_FLAG enumeration.</dd><dt>param</dt><dd>Type: ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_PARAMETERS<br />A reference to a valid ATTACH_VIRTUAL_DISK_PARAMETERS structure that contains attachment parameter data.</dd><dt>securityDescriptor (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/5he14kz8" target="_blank">System.IntPtr</a><br />An optional pointer to a SECURITY_DESCRIPTOR to apply to the attached virtual disk. If this parameter is NULL, the security descriptor of the virtual disk image file is used. 
Ensure that the security descriptor that AttachVirtualDisk applies to the attached virtual disk grants the write attributes permission for the user, or that the security descriptor of the virtual disk image file grants the write attributes permission for the user if you specify NULL for this parameter. If the security descriptor does not grant write attributes permission for a user, Shell displays the following error when the user accesses the attached virtual disk: The Recycle Bin is corrupted. Do you want to empty the Recycle Bin for this drive?</dd></dl>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="14596a99-aae8-0fef-6be2-950bbcd08026">VirtualDisk Class</a><br /><a href="74a1719e-ff37-1ecc-d046-da64037902ba">Attach Overload</a><br /><a href="d3362b0a-0ff5-4e50-dbee-d2c8d2fbae9f">Vanara.IO Namespace</a><br />