# VirtualDisk.Create Method (String, UInt64, Boolean, UInt32, UInt32, FileSecurity)
 

Creates a virtual hard disk (VHD) image file, either using default parameters or using an existing VHD or physical disk.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="d3362b0a-0ff5-4e50-dbee-d2c8d2fbae9f">Vanara.IO</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;Vanara.SystemServices (in Vanara.SystemServices.dll) Version: 1.0.3

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public static VirtualDisk Create(
	string path,
	ulong size,
	bool dynamic,
	uint blockSize = 0,
	uint logicalSectorSize = 0,
	FileSecurity access = null
)
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
Public Shared Function Create ( 
	path As String,
	size As ULong,
	dynamic As Boolean,
	Optional blockSize As UInteger = 0,
	Optional logicalSectorSize As UInteger = 0,
	Optional access As FileSecurity = Nothing
) As VirtualDisk
```

<br />

#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>path</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />A valid file path that represents the path to the new virtual disk image file.</dd><dt>size</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/06cf7918" target="_blank">System.UInt64</a><br />The maximum virtual size, in bytes, of the virtual disk object. Must be a multiple of 512.</dd><dt>dynamic</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />`true` to grow the disk dynamically as content is added; `false` to pre-allocate all physical space necessary for the size of the virtual disk.</dd><dt>blockSize (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ctys3981" target="_blank">System.UInt32</a><br />Internal size of the virtual disk object blocks, in bytes. For VHDX this must be a multiple of 1 MB between 1 and 256 MB. For VHD 1 this must be set to one of the following values: 0 (default), 0x80000 (512K), or 0x200000 (2MB)</dd><dt>logicalSectorSize (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ctys3981" target="_blank">System.UInt32</a><br />Internal size of the virtual disk object sectors. For VHDX must be set to 512 (0x200) or 4096 (0x1000). For VHD 1 must be set to 512.</dd><dt>access (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/hdwe2zfh" target="_blank">System.Security.AccessControl.FileSecurity</a><br />An optional FileSecurity instance to apply to the attached virtual disk. If this parameter is `null`, the security descriptor of the virtual disk image file is used. Ensure that the security descriptor that AttachVirtualDisk applies to the attached virtual disk grants the write attributes permission for the user, or that the security descriptor of the virtual disk image file grants the write attributes permission for the user if you specify `null` for this parameter. If the security descriptor does not grant write attributes permission for a user, Shell displays the following error when the user accesses the attached virtual disk: The Recycle Bin is corrupted. Do you want to empty the Recycle Bin for this drive?</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
Type: <a href="14596a99-aae8-0fef-6be2-950bbcd08026">VirtualDisk</a><br />If successful, returns a valid <a href="14596a99-aae8-0fef-6be2-950bbcd08026">VirtualDisk</a> instance for the newly created virtual disk.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="14596a99-aae8-0fef-6be2-950bbcd08026">VirtualDisk Class</a><br /><a href="e941a595-23f4-000e-b274-2b036ba47ea7">Create Overload</a><br /><a href="d3362b0a-0ff5-4e50-dbee-d2c8d2fbae9f">Vanara.IO Namespace</a><br />