# WindowsImpersonatedIdentity Constructor (String, String, String, AdvApi32.LogonUserType, AdvApi32.LogonUserProvider)
 

Starts the impersonation with the given credentials. Please note that the account that instantiates this class needs to have the 'Act as part of operating system' privilege set.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="59c3dc27-cc1b-fb6b-1718-4dd5638460e2">Vanara.Security.Principal</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;Vanara.Security (in Vanara.Security.dll) Version: 1.0.3

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public WindowsImpersonatedIdentity(
	string userName,
	string domainName,
	string password,
	LogonUserType logonType = LogonUserType.LOGON32_LOGON_INTERACTIVE,
	LogonUserProvider provider = LogonUserProvider.LOGON32_PROVIDER_DEFAULT
)
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
Public Sub New ( 
	userName As String,
	domainName As String,
	password As String,
	Optional logonType As LogonUserType = LogonUserType.LOGON32_LOGON_INTERACTIVE,
	Optional provider As LogonUserProvider = LogonUserProvider.LOGON32_PROVIDER_DEFAULT
)
```

<br />

#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>userName</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />A string that specifies the name of the user. This is the name of the user account to log on to. If you use the user principal name (UPN) format, User@DNSDomainName, the *domainName* parameter must be NULL.</dd><dt>domainName</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />A string that specifies the name of the domain or server whose account database contains the *userName* account. If this parameter is NULL, the user name must be specified in UPN format. If this parameter is ".", the account is validated by using only the local account database.</dd><dt>password</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />A string that specifies the plaintext password for the user account specified by *userName*.</dd><dt>logonType (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: LogonUserType<br />Type of the logon. This parameter can usually be left as the default. For more information, lookup more detail for the dwLogonType parameter of the Windows LogonUser function.</dd><dt>provider (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: LogonUserProvider<br />The logon provider. This parameter can usually be left as the default. For more information, lookup more detail for the dwLogonProvider parameter of the Windows LogonUser function.</dd></dl>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="03ea6d98-2afc-31c0-b0b9-70f7a567b80d">WindowsImpersonatedIdentity Class</a><br /><a href="b6da1f54-7312-c855-0f17-323fa6efcc5d">WindowsImpersonatedIdentity Overload</a><br /><a href="59c3dc27-cc1b-fb6b-1718-4dd5638460e2">Vanara.Security.Principal Namespace</a><br />