# VirtualDisk.Attach Method (Boolean, Boolean, Boolean, FileSecurity)
 

Attaches a virtual hard disk (VHD) or CD or DVD image file (ISO) by locating an appropriate VHD provider to accomplish the attachment.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="d3362b0a-0ff5-4e50-dbee-d2c8d2fbae9f">Vanara.IO</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;Vanara.SystemServices (in Vanara.SystemServices.dll) Version: 1.0.3

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public void Attach(
	bool readOnly = false,
	bool autoDetach = true,
	bool noDriveLetter = false,
	FileSecurity access = null
)
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
Public Sub Attach ( 
	Optional readOnly As Boolean = false,
	Optional autoDetach As Boolean = true,
	Optional noDriveLetter As Boolean = false,
	Optional access As FileSecurity = Nothing
)
```

<br />

#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>readOnly (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />Attach the virtual disk as read-only.</dd><dt>autoDetach (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />If `false`, decouple the virtual disk lifetime from that of the VirtualDisk. The virtual disk will be attached until the Detach function is called, even if all open instances of the virtual disk are disposed.</dd><dt>noDriveLetter (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />No drive letters are assigned to the disk's volumes.</dd><dt>access (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/hdwe2zfh" target="_blank">System.Security.AccessControl.FileSecurity</a><br />An optional pointer to a FileSecurity instance to apply to the attached virtual disk. If this parameter is NULL, the security descriptor of the virtual disk image file is used. Ensure that the security descriptor that AttachVirtualDisk applies to the attached virtual disk grants the write attributes permission for the user, or that the security descriptor of the virtual disk image file grants the write attributes permission for the user if you specify NULL for this parameter.If the security descriptor does not grant write attributes permission for a user, Shell displays the following error when the user accesses the attached virtual disk: The Recycle Bin is corrupted.Do you want to empty the Recycle Bin for this drive?</dd></dl>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="14596a99-aae8-0fef-6be2-950bbcd08026">VirtualDisk Class</a><br /><a href="74a1719e-ff37-1ecc-d046-da64037902ba">Attach Overload</a><br /><a href="d3362b0a-0ff5-4e50-dbee-d2c8d2fbae9f">Vanara.IO Namespace</a><br />